I recently spoke with few Computer Science graduate friends in Ghana and they didn't know that Google choose to open its first AI center in Accra. I also read somewhere on facebook that Alibaba recruiters went to Nigeria , interviewed and offered instant jobs to folks in Nigeria but same did not happen in Ghana. I'm motivated to form this group to help prepare Computer Science and Problem solving lovers for jobs in the Tech industry. Besides jobs, its also fun to solve Algorithm and Data Structures questions, it helps the brain to remain sharp which is a requirement for any kind of job or life in general :)

Each day from today November 24, 2019, for about the next one year or two, God willing, I'm going to post one Algorithm or Data Structures question, and on the next day, I'd provide some solution to the problem provided the previous day and then post a new question.

Solution to problem will be provided first with a pseudocode which anyone can follow to write in a programming language of their choice, and I'd also provide solutions in Python, which I think is very easy to understand.

As much as possible, I'd also be available to answer Algorithm and Data structures questions posted here. I'd be posting questions that are asked by companies like Google, Facebook, Amazon, Alibaba, Apple, Airbnb etc and my goal is that, folks who try to solve these problems on their own each day, will be better prepared to apply and get jobs in these companies . Questions might feel difficult at first but they all follow some patterns after you practice and solve a lot of these questions over time. I'd point out patterns in some of the questions.

I will also provide code posted here in a github repository I'm going to create purposely for this. Everyone is encourage to invite Computer Science students at Legon, KNUST, or any of the universities to come join since its free to join :) Some of the questions I'd be posting will be picked from some paid subscriptions which I'm subscribed to but you don't have to pay :)

In order to keep sanity, I'd delete anything posted here which is not related to the goal of this group.